# Week 1
  - Read the project specs
  - Finding teammates
# Week 2
  - Made decision on which project our team would implement - Project 7 Accommodation
  - Created Google Doc for project proposal
  - Wrote minutes in group meeting
  - Brainstormed ideas for our project extra features
# Week 3
  - [Monday, Tuesday] Drafted some sections in the proposal including:
    - Background
    - Problem statements
    - Aim
    - Scope
    - Stand-up Meeting/Sprint Schedule
    - [Wednesday] Asked tutor (Ali) to review and discuss the proposal, and involved in drawing architecture graph that was put in the proposal
# Week 4
- [Monday] Did final work on the proposal and submitted it
      - Finialised my allocated sections
      - Improved the graph of system flow that was put in the proposal 
      - Modified and improved some epic stories in the proposal
  - [Tuesday] Set up the git repo and link the remote one 
  - The rest of the week
      - Developing login, signup, activating email functionalities
        - Have basic UI done and functionalities working
# Week 5
- Didn't do too much on the project because of catching up other courses
    - Continue developing the features of login, signup, adding some CSS effects
# Week 6
 - [Tuesday] Tweaking the CSS template and trying to embbed the template UI style into our project.
 - [Wednesday] Set up the communication between dialogflow and the frontend and the backend. Also redesign the user interface for different functionalities, having basic chatbot ui. Doing some research on interactive map api, and I may use `mapbox` to develop.
- [Thursday, Friday] Inserting Mapbox into the Angular project. Now the users can draw lines and dots on the real map! Then the map can auto-generate a route between these dots(locations). Cool! 
# Week 7
- [Tuesday] I was still doing `itinerary planner` part:
    - Finished interactive map with bug free using `Mapbox GL`
- [The rest of the week] I was doing `Map siderbar` interactions.
    - I linked the `Map sidebar` with the `Map` interactions.
    - I also make the address card clickable
    - There are more other features done.
- In this week, I finished all features in the `itinerary planner` part by myself.
# Week 8
- I helped Li Ding setting up chatbot UI and make it work
- I used kendo UI https://www.telerik.com/kendo-ui to make the the chatbot interface nicer.
# Week 9
- [Monday] I added login error handling and also some checking on inputs of signup and login form so that it looks more professional
- [Tuesday] 
    - I started a new feature of our website: sending recommendations from www.booking.com. I created a new API in backend called `bookingcomForward`. 
    - I also improved activation page and improved some UI for account activation.
- [Wednesday]
    - I improved search features in the frontend based on the work of Chenming Fan.
    - Reallocate the jobs to the teammates
- The rest of week
    - Redesign the hotel management module by using Angular framework
    - Spend two days (Friday, Saturday) on developing it
    - Now it can work perfectly
    - Start working on search feature