<center>
  <h1>ShunyangLi(z5139935) diary</h1>
</center>

## Week 1

Found group members. We discussed which project we choose. And readed all the project description. Next week, we will decide the project and start writing proposal.

## Week 2

Made decision on which project our team would implement - Project 7 Accommodation.  Created Google document for project proposal. And we wrote the group discussion information into minutes.txt. Brainstormed ideas for our project extra feature. Next week we will start wrting proposal and try to finished that.

## Week 3

I wrote some epic storys and drafted architecture and system flow diagram with chenming fan. We asked the tutor (Ali) to review and discuss the proposal, and involved in drawing architecture graph that. Setup the github repository and initialized some code about backend. Next week, we will finish proposal and start coding.

## Week 4

Monday we finished the proposal and improved system flow diagram. Tuesday I initialized the database SQL file -- all by myself. Wednesday I wrote some basic functions like query database and get the request arguments. Also initialized the backend with Flask. In a addition, I made my auth branch for authentication functions which inlcude login, signup, close and active functions -- all by myself. The main technical obstacles is the database structure, because we did get the hotels information so we can not decide the structure.  We have a look other online webstie and try to make the database structure better ( like booking.com).  Next week, we need write the backend and connect the backend with frontend by using API. Also we will learn some dialogflow API.

# Week 5

We got a meeting, worked together with other team members. Finished login and signup functions both backend and frontend. Also we applied a Gmail account for the mail verification function. And then we got the activate function works through email in backend and frontend. The main technical obstacles in this week is email verification function. We searched some tutorials for this function. We solved this function by using flask_mail which is a package in python. We finished last week plan. The next week plan is trying to find a useful HTML template for our project and finish all the authentication functions. 

# Week 6

We found a good HTML template about hotels. And tried to figure out how to use that. And then we tested our dialogflow chating API which done by Ding Li. Finished all the authentication functions and tested that with group members. Also added adavtor in nav bar and add logout function. The main technical obstacle is how to keep user login. We solved this issue by using cookie which means store the token into cookies, so the user can keep login. And then finished update profile function -- all by myself. Next week, we need to worl on some hotel functions, search functions and some hepler functions for map.

# Week 7

Fixed user upload image function. Added some hepler functions for map parts and search functions. Tested search helper functions. And got some data from online by using scrapy. Inserted all the data into our database. And then finished the update hotel functions and the HTML pages -- all by myself. But not finished the backend yet. The main technical obstacle is upload files and how to upload the image from frontend into backend through API. We sloved this issue by using FormData in the frontend, and using FileStorage in the backend. Next week, we will finish update hotel function completely and add other functions about management hotels.

# Week 8

Finished the hotel upload and delete functions in backend. Also did the HTML pages in the frontend. Before now I fixed all the functions about hotel management. The main technica this week is about dialogflow API, we cannot use that in localhost. Next time I will try to solve how to use dialogflow with python requestes.

# Week 9

Last time, I solved how to use dialogflow API with team members. And this week, I changed the hotel management into new functions, because we did a refactor for the hotel structure. The previous structure about hotel is only hotel, the new one is that hotels contain rooms. And changed the database model. Also, changed the upload files into optional. Next week, we will do the test and add booking API.

# Week 10

This week, we finished the booking API for user booking. And added hotel review API, check availability functions and the booking and search API for chat box. We did the test to make sure everthing is working. And prepare for demonstration.