# Week 1
  - Read the project specs
  - Finding teammates
# Week 2
  - Made decision on which project our team would implement - Project 7 Accommodation
  - Created Google Doc for project proposal
  - Wrote minutes in group meeting
  - Brainstormed ideas for our project extra features
# Week 3
  - [Monday, Tuesday] Drafted some sections in the proposal including:
    - Background
    - Problem statements
    - Aim
    - Scope
    - Stand-up Meeting/Sprint Schedule
    - [Wednesday] Asked tutor (Ali) to review and discuss the proposal, and involved in drawing architecture graph that was put in the proposal
# Week 4
  - [Monday] Did final work on the proposal and submitted it
      - Finialised my allocated sections
      - Improved the graph of system flow that was put in the proposal 
      - Modified and improved some epic stories in the proposal
  - [Tuesday] Set up the git repo and link the remote one 
  - The rest of the week
      - Developing login, signup, activating email functionalities
        - Have basic UI done and functionalities working
# Week 5
    - Didn't do too much on the project because of catching up other courses
    - Continue developing the features of login, signup, adding some CSS effects
# Week 6
    - [Tuesday] Tweaking the CSS template and trying to embbed the template UI style into our project.
    - [Wednesday] Set up the communication between dialogflow and the frontend and the backend. Also redesign the user interface for different functionalities, having basic chatbot ui. Doing some research on interactive map api, and I may use `mapbox` to develop.
    - [Thursday, Friday] Inserting Mapbox into the Angular project. Now the users can draw lines and dots on the real map! Then the map can auto-generate a route between these dots(locations). Cool! 
# Week 7
    - Doing itinerary planner part:
        - Finished interactive map with bug free using `Mapbox GL`
